[SEDONA-664] Add native GeoPackage reader (#1603)
apache/sedona: docs/tutorial/sql.md

		.withColumn("geom", f.expr("ST_GeomFromWKB(geom)")))
	```

## Load from geopackage

Since v1.7.0, Sedona supports loading Geopackage file format as a DataFrame.

=== "Scala/Java"

	```scala
	val df = sedona.read.format("geopackage").option("tableName", "tab").load("/path/to/geopackage")
	```

=== "Java"

	```java
	Dataset<Row> df = sedona.read().format("geopackage").option("tableName", "tab").load("/path/to/geopackage")
	```

=== "Python"

	```python
	df = sedona.read.format("geopackage").option("tableName", "tab").load("/path/to/geopackage")
	```

> Geopackage file can contain vector data and raster data. To show the possible options from the file you can look into
> metadata table by adding parameter showMetadata and set it value as true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Geopackage files can contain vector data and raster data. To show the possible options from a file you can
look into the metadata table by adding parameter showMetadata and set its value as true.
```
